Antonow An-2 
for Arma 3
by Sabre[Dust]

This is a port of the An-2 from Arma 2.
The addon adds a few An-2 variations to Arma 3. 


Features:
current V 0.95:

- Seaplane working in SP, partially on MP dedicated
- Firing from Vehicles
- more Instruments
- working control wheel/stick
- Prop Blur
- Exhaust smoke
- door animation
- armed arcade style version (mg)
- working gear damper (non sea version have physX)
- lots of paint variations
- turning tail wheel
- flight model changed
- copilot, can take controls
- fully automatic Zeus compability


Unwanted Features:

- Bad Vehicle Type ParachuteC issue when ejecting as civilian. Arma 3 bug, not of this addon.


credits:

Aplion - for Arma2- Arma3 port tutorial!
Dezkit - for reference p3ds+cfgs!
Feint - HeadrangePlus - extended Track IR Support!
Lala14 - thanks for the help and input about interior Lights!
Himself and Uninamer - for testing /MP testing
Nevbox for making professional texture templates (not implemented for all versions yet)!
special thanks to Gnat - much appreciated help with Sea Plane Version + prop blur!


Everyone who contributed on the forum with ideas
All of the Arma Community for tons of resources on how to do things like this and hosting addons for us!


Links/Mirrors:

http://forums.bistudio.com/showthread.php?187123-Antonow-An-2-for-Arma-3
http://www.armaholic.com/page.php?id=27812
http://play.withsix.com/arma-3/mods/mbpfr7EMJk29wfb0QXzoYQ/Antonow-An-2-for-Arma-3
http://arma3.de/include.php?path=download&contentid=2771


Classnames:

see classnames.txt



Additional Info:

- The standard variants have slightly different top speeds but otherwise the flight model is similar 
(The vintage AirRacing versions have slightly more powerful engines but may stall at lower speeds - 
interesting side fact: the real An-2 has no stall speed mentioned in its manual according to wikipedia)

- The snow versions are slightly faster. The skis are purely aestetic. The plane really behaves as if it were on wheels.

- The sea plane version is designed to be operated on water only. It has to be flown with greater caution than the others. 
It's a lot slower. Don't expect to get over mountains as easy as with the other planes.
It can be used on ground too but only because I didn't want to interfere with the ability to put it on a beach or go back into the sea from there. 
Truth be told, it's because I don't know how to : )
Go in and out of the water very slowly! The artifical float script needs time to catch up, especially in MP.
In reality you would have to get out and manually attach special wheels to the floats as far as I know. 
This is not included currently.

- The armed versions are for fun really. 
I just put some random cannon on them without caring much about realism. Might be updated sometime.



changelog:

v 0.95
Prop Blur finally fixed
Changed Flight model + acceleration again : )

v 0.92(public release)
Prop Blur added and removed (didn't look good)
Fixed issue where Door Gunner could take control
Gunner can be selected from Editor
Acceleration decreased slightly
Armed Version door is now open by default so AI can shoot out better

v 0.91 (public release)
Fixed issue with people beeing able to board the floats
small adjustments
pilot = commander hotfix
view fix, for non TRACK IR users

v 0.90 (public release)
Zeus compatible and automatically included (e.g. Sashas addon enabled Zeus missions)
changes to Gnats artifical float + script, MP dedi testing

v 0.88
shooting from vehicles
instruments added: airspeed, alt
cleared up models and model.cfg
working copilot, can take controls
added door animation
hidden selection for float 
clan tag enabled

v 0.85
messed around with flight models and top speeds
more sound changes
flaps sound now working, others not :(
made artificial horizon properly
tweaks to sea plane
changed some filepaths
repaired some of the flight instruments
re-added amphibian version as sea plane

v 0.81
updated float object/textures
made float work finally

v 0.79
added various config parameters
added working pilot control stick 
cleaned up model.cfg
cleaned up config.cpp
sound updates

v 0.74 (public release)
texture path fix, 
adjusted cabin light

v 0.73 
exchanged Amphibian version with placeholder till it works properly
damper animation for Ski Version

v 0.72 
interior lights connected to vehicle lights
(for extra parachute lights not depending on vehicle lights I recommend Lala14s interior lights script!)

v 0.71 
experiments with ground contact points /physX LOD
updated Skis - ski 3d model 50% finished

v 0.7
texture updates
damper animation

v 0.69
added Russian Air Force, Firefighter and Vintage Variants

v 0.67
added Feints HRP script for extended TrackIR support

v 0.65
fixed collision/navigation lights (at least sort of)

v 0.63
fixed the tail wheel moving with rudder

v 0.61 (public release)
some tiny changes

v 0.6
tried to add dampers - nonfunctional right now
tried to add firing from vehicle - nonfunctional right now
added snow variant
added nonfunctional amphibious variant

v 0.5
repaired wheels

v 0.4
added loadout
updated flight model

v 0.3
added damage visuals

v 0.2
added lights
repaired prop

alpha versions:
v 0.1
repaired sounds



Antonow An-2 for Arma 3 is released under Arma Public License(APL)
The author of Antonow An-2 for Arma 3 gives no warranty.

